the perfect landing page blueprint look
i've been doing marketing for over 20
years and i'm taking all that and
putting it into this blueprint from all
the people that i've talked to and all
the millions of dollars that my ad
agency has driven through landing pages
i've seen what works and i've seen what
doesn't work and sadly i've done a lot
of what doesn't work to figure out
eventually what works but you won't have
to go through that journey you can just
use all the stuff that works and avoid
all the mistakes that i made especially
early on a landing page that captures a
visitor's attention engages with them on
a deeper level deeper is really
important so they convert and most
importantly make them open up their
wallets so they want to buy or put in
their lead information is the type of
landing page you want to create and
there's some art on how you build
landing pages that perform that well and
there's also signs to it it's a little
bit of both and i don't know how much of
a r but i do know if there's anything
that i value more than anything else
it's data that's the closest thing to
science that i know so i'll take it now
when it comes to landing pages there are
always a few elements that always affect
results no matter what industry you're
in or what context your landing page is
about
and i can tell you that because i've
seen minor tweaks to these elements
drive thousands of dollars in additional
sales
you'll know what to do step by step and
that's why i love data you can make the
slightest adjustment to an element and
boom your page is driving more
conversions hundreds of thousand dollars
in many cases an extra revenue so let's
go over a few of these elements and the
blueprint of the perfect landing page
you need navigation you don't want to
create too much distraction the less the
better you want people to click in your
points of conversion so the only thing
to keep in the navigation is absolutely
the critical stuff then you got your
headline with your headline you need to
think about your unique selling
proposition and supporting copy that you
can put in a sub headline it can act as
a direct extension of the headline
essentially that's the finishing thought
that helps explain what you're trying to
convey and get across or it can offer
additional value or convey a secondary
persuasive message that is still related
to headrai
then you got a hero shot ideally a hero
image should show the context of use
then you want to have call to action
without a call to action no one's going
to know where to click be simple click
here get started for free open up your
account add to cart these are all
examples of call to actions that work
and you want to try to use
conversational language and let the
visitors know exactly what they're
getting when they click so like with my
software companies we do start my free
trial why because they're starting a
free trial or if you have 50 off and you
have a promo running during black friday
get 50 off your purchase
also keep in mind there may be some
compliance elements that you want to put
on your landing page put those
depending on the industry you're in then
we have social proof direct quotes from
your customers logos case studies even
video interviews or even your customers
opening up their package of your econ
then you have review scores from sites
like yelp amazon captera g2
next you want to have your benefits
highlighted the key here is to describe
specific benefits along with features a
feature is a specific quality of a
product or service while a benefit
describes the positive impact that the
feature has and that's what people want
to know once they make the purchase
i also would offer a guarantee if you
have a 30 day money back guarantee or a
refund no questions asked heck you'll
even pay for shipping
the guarantee badges help assure people
that hey if i'm not happy i'm gonna get
my money back
that helps boost conversions almost
every single time